Terry, the President has declined
all last minute reprieves.
So they will be executed
by Firing Squad tonight.
Megan, Peter Lone, the one
time drug dealer turned pastor,
along with two others,
will be executed at 12
midnight, local time.
The President has declined
all last minute reprieves.
So they will be executed by firing squad.
My name is Peter Lone
and I'll be executed in two hours,
but I'm at perfect peace.
A reporter asked me
how I could be so calm.
It's only the Lord Jesus Christ
that will carry me to the end.
So why am I being executed, you ask?
Well, would you like the
long story or a short one?
Before I found the Lord Jesus
Christ, I was a drug runner.
I lived life in the fast life.
♪ We the kings of the block ♪
We were geniuses
in everything we did
to get the drugs into China.
Ah, here he is.
♪ We're the kings of the block ♪
Always a pleasure doing
business with you, my man.
♪ Kings of the block ♪
You're fearless, man.
Cocaine into China!
You stay outta trouble, alright?
Don't worry about us.
Hey, you're
dead if you're caught.
I'm just saying.
We were inseparable,
and traveled the entire world.
We gambled everywhere in the world.
Macau, Las Vegas, Monte Carlo.
We lost hundreds of thousands of dollars.
It was insane.
We ate in five star restaurants
from London to Rome.
♪ We the kings of the block ♪
♪ We the kings of the, kings of the ♪
♪ Kings of the, kings of the ♪
♪ King, king, king, king, king, king ♪
♪ Kings of the block ♪
Here's
your disembarkation card,
- Mr. Morgan.
- Thank you.
Here's
your disembarkation, Mr. Lone.
Thank you.
We're gonna party like it's 1999.
Remember that Prince song, honey?
What?
What's the matter?
Nothing.
I'm good.
Yeah.
We're gonna party.
You are a drug dealer?
What?
Are you're a drug dealer?
Drug dealer?
No, I'm not a drug dealer.
Go.
Welcome, Liu.
This is a nice house.
This old man himself, didn't know he existed.
Hey.
Look,
I think I'm taking a lot of heat.
What do you mean?
I think the cops are following me here.
Why would you come here?
I had to take the chance.
Yeah, but mate, that
puts us all at risk here.
Come on, let's just get
this done and get it over.
Come on.
It’s missing a stack.
Just ah...
finder's fee.
It's all here.
Thanks.
All right.
So I'm gonna head over the mountains.
Get to China.
It's gonna be great.
Wish me luck.
So there's demand in China?
Yeah.
Wherever the money flows.
Cocaine's like the new
God to these people.
We don't believe in God,
so that's all right.
Great, neither do I.
Alright, let's check out of here.
Let's go to the Shangri-La.
I'm gonna go and get Karen.
She's shopping downstairs.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Come on.
We flew from Bali to Hong Kong that day
to escape any heat from the police.
Even then, I still thought
we were invincible.
We always stayed at the
five star Peninsula Hotel
whenever we were in Hong Kong.
Hey, I think we should
get outta here, man.
Outta where?
This country.
Morgan, would you just relax.
We've got a bag full of
cash, it's not drugs, okay?
Yeah, I know that.
I still want to go home.
Do I have a
death wish, Morgan asked.
Maybe I did.
My upbringing, that was the death to me.
You know, it's kind of funny.
What's that?
Every time we survive this gauntlet,
one step closer to fulfilling
our own death wish.
We stayed in Hong
Kong for another week
and flew to Jakarta.
We felt the heat was off
But I never heard back from Liu Fat.
I wondered if he was okay.
The next day something strange happened.
Someone came up to me and gave
me this flyer about Jesus.
Hey, hey guys.
Would you guys like to
take the good person test?
What?
Are you a good person?
No.
If you guys died today,
where would you guys go then?
I don't know.
How about none of your business?
- Come on, kid.
- Get lost.
Sorry to bother you guys.
God bless.
What a loser.
They have these Jesus freaks in Jakarta.
I guess so.
I laughed and mocked Christians.
I had no time for them.
They were just losers in my book.
Look Morgan, brother,
I'm telling you mate.
When we fly by private jet,
it just doesn't get caught.
Private jet, you always got a plan, right?
Mate, we give it to the tourists.
That's why we never hold anything.
They just let them off
with a slap on a wrist.
Just trust me.
You know, this one's too much.
Look at me and tell me you
don't know this one's too much.
Morgan, look, we'll leave tomorrow.
Okay?
I want out tonight.
We've been doing this for five years.
Not one bit of heat.
Just chill.
Please just relax on this.
You know I'm right.
Look at you, you know I'm right.
The next morning we
raced to our private jet
by way of a jeep.
It was the fastest way to
get to the airport in Bali.
I didn't feel right about things.
But now we're finally
heading out of Indonesia,
forever.
Well guys, another day in paradise.
Why do we have to leave so early again?
Oh, we wrapped up our business here early, so...
I thought I’d go and check out this yacht
that I seen in Hawaii.
Thought you come with me.
Would you like to drink Mr. Lone?
Yeah, I'll have a scotch
on the rocks, please.
Sure.
Would you think I drink, Mr. Wilson?
Oh no, that's okay.
How much longer till take off?
- Just a few more minutes.
- Okay, thank you.
Sure you direct commercials?
Yes, honey.
How many times do you want me to tell you?
Well, we just got back from
Miami doing Taco Bell, right?
- Taco Bell?
- Yeah.
- That was the one
- Philippines trip last month.
That was for the Super
Bowl one with the horses.
You like that one?
- Oh yeah, with the horses?
- Yeah.
I love horses.
Hands up, hands up, hands up, don't move.
Don't move.
What is happening?
Get those hands up.
Put 'em up.
You thought you could escape?
- What?
- You're under arrest.
Bring 'em boys.
- Arrest?
- Go, get up.
- Get up.
- Arrest?
- Get up, get out.
- Let's go.
This is a mistake.
- Come on.
- Go.
- Move pretty boy.
- I don't wanna go.
- Go!
- Go, get out.
I thought this
would be our final run ever.
We'd go back to the States and retire.
We'd made millions and
millions of dollars.
But God had other plans.
I remember before my mother
died, she told me a quote.
"Without God, all of our
efforts turned to ashes
and our sunrise into
the darkest of nights."
I scoffed at her and said it was rubbish.
How wrong was I?
You guys are in a lot of trouble.
I'm Captain Tanu.
I'm the head of the local
Drug enforcement agency
and I'm also the warden
of the prison that you'll be going to.
If you listen and obey all the rules,
things will be easy for you.
But do understand this,
drug charges, it is the greatest crime
you can commit in this country.
So if you obey,
everything will be okay.
Make it easy for yourself.
You understand that?
These drugs that
you are talking about, they,
they've been planted on us.
We are innocent.
They've been planted.
Shut up.
Stop talking, Peter.
Do I look like an idiot to you?
No, I just--
Your boys squealed like
pigs when they got caught.
They named both of you.
Listen, I’m...
I direct commercials for a living.
You've got the wrong guys here.
I don't know what...
I dunno what's going on, but
this is, this ain't right.
I'm telling you--
Are you the ringleaders or are you not?
What?
Ringleader of what?
We're innocent, man.
Your innocent?
You both will be given the death penalty.
What?
And I
will be the ones that execute you.
Good luck to you.
Jesus, this can't be happening.
This can't be happening.
They got the wrong guys, it’s fine...
Who is this person?
I don't know him.
You were with him.
No.
I mean, I thought he
was a different person.
He told me
he making Super Bowl commercials.
I didn't know he is a drug dealer.
He said you'll help him with bail.
No way.
I just wanna go back home, please?
You are free to go.
Thank you.
You don't wanna say goodbye
to your boyfriend before you leave?
No way.
We are through.
Of course you're through.
When the going gets tough,
gold diggers always are.
I'm not a gold digger.
Good luck to you.
Do you have a water?
Get him some water.
So thirsty...
Where's my girlfriend?
She left.
She left?
What do you mean?
I mean, you ever heard of
that Michael Jackson song?
♪ She's out of my life ♪
She's outta your life.
She is out of your life.
It's over for you, sir.
You will be killed here.
I cannot wait to see the look on your face
when they execute you by the firing squad.
I promise you, you'll cry like a baby.
You'll cry like a baby.
Good luck to you.
We spent three days in trial
and we're now awaiting our verdict.
Even had the US Consulate's office come.
Hey fellas.
Well, what are you, what are you thinking?
What am I thinking?
Well, I'm gonna do my best.
That's all I can do.
All rise.
Your honor, Mr. Lone
was caught with seven kilos of cocaine.
He is guilty.
He deserves the death penalty.
Mr. Wilson was the ringleader.
Mr. Lone was also a ringleader.
Yes, your Honor.
I'm Adam Markman with
the US Consulate Office.
And I wish to state our
objections to this trial.
Yeah, we believe the facts
were not fully presented
and we enter our objections.
Further, we do not believe their actions
warrant a death penalty.
And we consider the death
penalty by Firing Squad
to be a cruel and unusual punishment.
Anything you wish to say?
Your Honor,
we are completely
innocent of these crimes.
We have been set up.
I don't even know who these
men are that have accused us.
We, we just want to go home.
Your Honor, we're just tourists.
We don't know anything about
what's going on out here.
Enough.
I sentence all of you to
death by Firing Squad.
You have 30 days to appeal.
Take these men outta here.
- No way, this isn't right!
- No wait.
No way.
No!
No.
We arrived at the prison gates.
I couldn't think.
I was on death row in
a third world country.
They took everything from me, man.
My houses, my cars,
my cash,
my fiance,
even my best friend.
They put Morgan in another
prison just to isolate me.
It was a nightmare I
couldn't wake myself up from.
Come on, let's go.
Let's go.
My entire life was just a blur.
It was all just meaningless now.
It was a strange
international prison camp.
The guards were these
mercenaries from other countries,
and at the top was this guy, Captain Tanu.
He absolutely hated me.
You are in this rotting
jail for one reason
and one reason alone.
You are unworthy,
disgusting,
vile, vermin.
This is an international prison.
We have Americans,
Australians,
Asians,
Nigerians, and Europeans.
None of your countries want you back.
You're discarded pieces of trash.
Let that sink in.
Sir?
You do not speak unless you are spoken to.
I, I was just asking.
- Solitary confinement.
- Let's go.
Wait.
Three days, no food.
Anyone who tries to escape.
I couldn't believe my eyes.
Will be put into
solitary confinement.
Liu Fat was here.
That's why I couldn't contact him.
I just wonder how he got caught.
Some of you await execution.
In our country, you will be executed.
This isn't America.
We don't wait 30 years for you to die.
Here, we get the job done.
Good luck to you.
Get in there.
Welcome to Hotel Hanoi, vermin.
Do not try to escape.
Or we'll shoot you dead.
Understood?
Yes.
The first three nights are terrifying.
You'll get used to it, Hollywood.
It was like your worst nightmare.
I only wanted to die.
I had no hope to live anymore.
Nothing mattered to me.
I was a walking dead man.
No.
No, no!
Why?!
Why?
Liu,
when did you get here?
Six months ago.
I told you they were onto us.
What was your sentence?
Death by firing squad.
Hey, hey, hey, break it up, break it up.
Why are you guys here?
Ladies chatting over here.
Break it up, break it up.
I bet you this is the
hardest work you've ever done
in your whole life
in one day, huh?
At least I've earned more money
in a week than you ever will.
What did you say?
What did you mean by that?
What do I mean?
I meant that my life,
I've achieved more
than you ever will in
this stinkin' prison.
Hey, can you shut up?
Guard?
Make Mr. Big Shot here and
his sidekick pick up bricks
for an extra three hours.
You heard the Captain.
Pick up the bricks.
You heard the captain,
pick up the bricks.
God, help me.
God help me.
Why do all the prisoners
say, "God help me".
There is no God.
News flash, in this prison, I am your God.
Get to work.
Pick up the bricks now!
Why am I being punished?
I didn't say anything.
You heard the captain.
Pick up the bricks.
Pick 'em up, now
Are you trying to ruin my life, man?
Me?
You, you're the one that hired the fool
that snitched us in the first place.
Liu, watch your back, man.
I'm gonna kill you, Liu.
Knock it off.
You hear that?
♪ Come out and run away with me ♪
♪ The world is just outside ♪
♪ Come on and run away with me ♪
♪ The door is open wide ♪
♪ We'll ride the summer breeze ♪
♪ Come on and run away with me ♪
♪ We'll do just as we please ♪
♪ Come on, come on, come on ♪
♪ Yeah, come on, come on, come on ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
So this is one of
Elena's signature pieces.
It's six feet by six feet.
The price is $15,000.
Elena's very well known around the world
because of her vibrant colors.
If you're interested in a sculpture,
we have these beautiful NASA spacesuits.
They are made of fiberglass,
roughly six feet tall,
and the price for each one is $34,900.
Morgan, what do you say?
You want one?
- No.
- Yeah, I want one.
I want a souvenir too.
Alright, we'll take two of these as well.
Okay.
American Express Black card.
You don't see too many
of these around.
Yeah, they say just 1%.
Such a beautiful day today.
Yeah, it's nice.
Ah.
Peter, I just love being with you.
Hey, what if have a baby together?
A baby?
Yeah, a baby.
How am I supposed to fit a
child seat in that Ferrari?
Just get a normal car.
It's two seats.
Normal car.
You say some stupid
things sometimes, Karen.
Come on, let's get a cocktail.
This guy's never on time, man.
Yeah, he's late again.
Hey.
Fat Liu...
Is that gonna get through?
Yeah, these bags are lead lined.
Dogs can't sniff it out.
I like you guys.
You guys are geniuses.
So this is gonna travel
from Taiwan to Indonesia
and then on to Shanghai, right?
Yeah.
You guys know it's the death penalty
if you get caught, right?
We're too smart to get caught.
Alright, it's a million.
Count it.
Should we count it?
No finders for
you this time, right?
- No.
- Good.
I don't have time to count a
hundred dollar bills anyway.
All right.
Pleasure...
doing... business...
Safe travels, Liu.
"Do I have a death wish," Morgan asked.
Maybe I did.
What's up brother?
What's going on, man?
What’d you wanna talk about?
You finish up?
Y'all good?
Yeah, I mean, yeah, everything's fine.
I wanna see you are okay.
Do you ever wake up,
And realize your life has no purpose?
Are you high?
Oh, I'm serious, man.
No, I mean, listen, if you are,
I've got some of the
finest products in the car
if you wanna try it.
I don't want any drugs.
- I just--
- What is it?
I feel like I'm trapped in this
illusion of money, gambling and sports and I’m...
I just can't quite...
get out of it.
Brother, it’s...
this is our life, man.
Like
you're thinking too deep.
I just wanna know that
there's more than this,
that there's meaning out there somewhere.
You're not gonna find that
answer in this lifetime, buddy.
I promise you that.
Hi, I'm Pastor John Lynbrook.
Whatever you're selling, I'm not buying.
I'm, I'm not selling anything.
You're selling Jesus, no?
Jesus is for free.
So is the gospel.
And salvation is a gift.
Salvation.
Hmm.
You know, my brother believes in Jesus
and he died of cancer.
Do you believe in Jesus?
I believe in myself.
I've had a rough upbringing.
My father died when I was 10,
leaving just my mom to raise cash fast
and look after us... on her own.
So it was up to me
to put food on the table.
I don't remember Jesus
being around for that.
I know you've been given a death penalty.
So?
We're all gonna die at some point.
You're right.
We all are, but eternity is forever.
Jesus is the way, the truth and the life.
You can be in Heaven
or you can be in Hell.
The choice is yours.
Excuse me buddy.
I wasn't ready to hear about this Jesus.
All I wanted to do was escape this prison.
And then I met Samuel.
I thought I found a way out.
Hey my brother.
You that high profile dude
coming in from the US?
What you in for?
Drugs.
Yeah, me too.
Yeah?
What was your sentence?
Firing squad.
This place is, it's insane.
Every one of us got death.
Have you ever thought about escaping?
Every single second of every single day.
Yeah, and I got a plan too.
We knew it was one in a million chance.
Samuel agreed to help my friend Morgan
in the Denpasar prison
by the same method.
We'd pose as the media.
I'd meet Morgan at the
Jakarta subway station.
Hey, Tanu.
It's Captain Tanu.
Why are we not allowed to
call our families back home?
Because you're prisoners.
You're not some guests on a cruise ship.
You don't deserve any special favors.
Yeah, I know we're prisoners,
But we're not animals.
We have basic human rights.
You have no rights, sir.
Let me spell it out for you.
They don't care about you.
They disavow you, prisoner 5724.
Remember, you're a drug
dealer, non redeemable.
Good luck to you.
I'm a drug runner,
not a drug dealer.
Guards, get him out of here
before I put him in the box.
Yeah, I'm leaving, I'm
leaving, I'm leaving.
What is the difference
between a drug dealer
and a drug runner?
Sir, a drug dealer deals in drugs
and a drug runner... jogs?
Hey Liu.
What?
It was Morgan's father
that snitched on us.
Morgan's father?
Really?
Yeah.
It was neither of us.
It was... his dad.
So I just came here to,
well, I guess I need
to give you an apology.
I'll catch you later, man.
Don't even think about it.
What?
Committing suicide.
Suicide is too good for
drug dealers like you,
too merciful, too kind.
There you go again with the "drug dealer".
You know what, drug runner, drug dealer,
drug lord,
whatever label you wanna
put on me in this prison
doesn't make you any
better, you know that.
You’re nothing but a little bully.
That's how everyone looks at you.
Bully these prisoners.
Is that what gets you off?
What you on?
$20, $30 an hour with overtime?
You're pathetic.
Do you even know what it's like to dine
at a Michelin star restaurant
with beautiful women on your arm
who wouldn't even look
twice at a man like you?
You are a loser.
That's what you are, a loser.
I'm not scared of you anymore, man.
No more.
You're so cocky.
I'll put the bullets in
your head with my own gun.
Yeah, do it.
Do it.
Do it!
Huh?
Get in there.
How I survived the
first few months was beyond me.
There was nothing that could save me.
Nothing except... the cross.
With my hope diminishing,
I plan to escape.
It was the only thing giving me solace.
What?
I've been talking to Samuel.
I think he can break us out of here, man.
He can help us escape.
Are you crazy?
Just trust me on this, okay?
Fine.
Yo, whoa, whoa, will you ease up.
No with the handshakes.
Y'all acting like we planning something.
What is the plan?
We gonna walk straight outta here.
Pretend to be the media.
Okay, but how?
They know us.
There's a new guard coming in on Tuesday.
He don't know us yet.
Understand me?
What about, credentials, press ID badges,
suits?
You just leave that to me.
Wait, so what are you getting
out of helping us, man?
I want $1 million.
Peter has it.
I know he has it.
- Most drug dealers do.
- Yeah.
We're not drug dealers.
My apologies.
Drug kingpin.
Okay.
We've go a deal.
A million dollars.
Cash.
But.
I'm trusting you on your
word, you understand me?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You got it.
Shake on it?
We we don't do handshakes.
What are you talking about?
- So once we're out--
- Yeah?
How do we leave the country?
They took our passports, remember?
Well, that's on you.
You gotta get to Australia.
I'm going via Thailand.
- Australia!
- Shut your mouth.
Australia?
That's miles away.
That's correct.
You gotta take the subway to a boat.
I'm going via train.
No, way can we have two white dudes
and a black guy walking around.
That's just inconspicuous.
I'm not even white.
Close enough.
What?
All right.
Timing is everything.
Hear me?
Keep my name out your mouth.
Remember,
do as we rehearsed.
Okay.
Drop you off at the subway.
I'm going to Thailand.
All right, all right, fine.
Alright, so
We’re interviewing the president next, right?
Then we'll probably
talk to the first lady.
This is part of the...
prison freedom.
I just wanna watch football.
Do I have to?
If you wanna remain a CBS, you do, man.
Excuse me.
Badges, please.
Oh, no, no, we didn't get any badges.
Oh, no, wait.
You're right.
Wait, did you leave 'em on the table?
No.
Oh, Scott.
- Scott.
- That’s right!
- Scott's got them.
- Yeah.
You want us to call him?
We can call him.
No, I don't believe you
guys are on the list.
Of course we're on the list.
Really, like we're just a bit late.
Yeah, it's been a busy morning.
I'll have to check with that.
What you need our names?
Give, give 'em our names.
Your names, yeah.
I'm, I'm Mark, Mark Austin.
- Okay.
- Steven Firth.
Mark Fa.
Okay.
You may pass.
- Thank you for your help.
- Yeah.
- You're welcome.
Tight security in this place here.
Tight.
I thought it was a racist
thing at first, you know?
- Yeah.
- Being black and everything.
You know what he needs us to do.
I think we're out.
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, I think we're out.
Go, go.
Sir, I'm sorry, sir.
Sir?
I'm sorry.
Sir, I apologize.
You,
you are a disgrace to our company.
- Sir, I'm sorry.
- How could you
- let them get away?
- I'm sorry, sir.
- Under my watch.
- I'm sorry.
Gimme that weapon.
Find them.
Morgan broke out of Denpasar
Prison the exact same way
by pretending to be the media.
Samuel had arranged it all.
We were guided to the subway
at Setiyabudi station
by a Nigerian named Uche.
But he left us once we got on board.
We did it.
No, we still gotta make it to the pier.
Yeah, we just gotta meet
the guy with the boat.
He's gonna take us to the Philippines.
What guy?
I don't know.
Just the guy that set us to meet.
Oh, we did it brother.
We did it.
I want to see those hands... move, move, move, move.
Hands, hands, hands.
It was I that thought
of the stupid idea of escaping.
How wrong I was.
Move.
It was too good to be true.
Liu was caught at the pier in Jakarta
trying to escape to Australia.
To begin with breaking news.
Indonesian police have arrested an American
who escaped from a prison in Jakarta.
And Samuel was caught
at the border into Thailand.
Let's go get him.
Let's go.
Come on.
Guards.
Down.
Hello Peter.
Where do you think you were going?
I was looking for a good sushi spot.
You know any?
Funny guy.
Your humor will dry out quickly
in solitary confinement.
Yeah, we caught your
buddies, Liu and Samuel too.
None of you escaped.
I like to bite the head off
of a snake, as they say.
And you, Peter,
you're the snake.
This will break you.
- Take him away.
- Let's go.
Come on.
Everybody step out.
This pathetic maggot got caught
trying to escape my prison.
Nobody escapes my prison.
Two of his buddies were caught as well.
This one, solitary confinement.
Four days without food or water.
Any of you try to do the same thing,
you'll get the treatment.
Is that understood?
Yes, sir.
Let's go.
Get in there.
Let's see how you do
in there, Mr. Big Shot.
Four days, no food, no water.
Most do not make it.
This will break you.
Good luck to you.
How about you and I
get houses next to each other in Malibu.
Malibu?
I don't know, man.
What is up with you, mate?
I think this might be my last go, Pete.
Last go?
We're just getting started.
Come on, man.
Yeah, I know, I just,
I grew up in a Christian home, man.
I can't, can't keep doing this.
Has that gotta do with the
price of a jet ski in Jamaica?
Nothing, man, but like,
well, you don't believe in God?
Oh...
Please don't, don't tell me
you've been saved by Jesus.
What we're doing doesn't
have any repercussions?
Just not the God.
Just not the God thing.
God doesn't exist, Morgan.
It's an urban legend.
A myth.
Food.
Just kidding.
And so there I was
in solitary confinement.
I was sure I was going to break.
I felt like just crying and screaming,
but no one could hear me.
I started reading the Bible
and it was just so powerful and stunning.
I read John 3:16,
"For God so loved the world
that he gave his only begotten son,
that whoever believes
in him shall not perish,
but have everlasting life."
How this verse escaped me my whole life,
it all now made sense.
Salvation finally came to me,
and I was overjoyed with the
gratitude of God Almighty.
How are you enjoying confinement?
It's a living Hell,
but I feel saved.
You're beyond redemption.
Do you have any food?
Yeah, we have a five course
meal laid out for you,
Mr. Big Shot.
You're not so big anymore, right?
Get back in there.
I heard singing at the chapel.
I wanted to go there and
learn more about Jesus.
As soon as I came out of
confinement, I went to the chapel.
Give praise to the Lord.
Proclaim his name,
make known among the
nations what he has done.
As you know, I'm scheduled
to be executed next month,
but I'm at peace
because I wanna be with Jesus.
Heaven is real.
So is Hell.
In fact, Jesus spoke
more about Hell than He did Heaven.
But the good news is
you don't have to go there.
Who among us in this room
would like to be saved by Jesus Christ?
Please come forward.
Accept His blessings.
♪ I'd rather ♪
♪ Have Jesus ♪
♪ Than silver or gold ♪
♪ I'd rather be His ♪
♪ Than have riches untold ♪
♪ I'd rather have Jesus ♪
♪ Than houses or lands ♪
♪ I'd rather be led ♪
♪ By His nail-pierced hand ♪
♪ Than to be the king ♪
♪ Of a vast domain ♪
♪ And be held in sin's dread sway ♪
♪ I'd rather have Jesus ♪
♪ Than anything ♪
♪ This world ♪
♪ Affords today ♪
Hey, how was solitary?
I'm not gonna lie to you, Liu.
It was real bad,
but at the same time,
enlightening.
What do you mean?
I found salvation, brother.
You've got to be kidding me.
No, I'm, I'm not joking.
I,
I found God
and I need to apologize to you.
I'm the reason you’re here.
I brought you into this mess, and
all I can ask is for forgiveness.
Forgive? You?
No.
I'm gonna be executed in three months.
Keep it down.
Two months went by
and I was in for another
shock with Samuel.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
Hey, my brother.
Hey, Samuel.
I heard you found Christ in solitary.
- That I did.
- That's amazing, brother.
Well, guess what?
I found Christ too.
- Wow.
- That,
that's amazing, brother.
- Yeah.
- It's great news.
And, and I'm reading the Bible
now, which is like...
Cause...
my father was a pastor,
and um...
I just found out he
died of a heart attack.
You know, I,
he was a pastor and I never,
I never even listened to him.
Now, the worst day of
my life is my best day.
You know it took a death sentence
to get me straight with God.
Hey, when we get executed,
let's go out singing.
I still have the ah
the appeal with the Supreme Court.
I, I hope that day doesn't come.
You go with that.
But the truth was
not why did God send man to Hell,
but why God allowed man into Heaven.
I didn't realize it then,
but all of this was because
of God's love for me
and this world.
And then I saw her, her name was Miriam.
She was so beautiful and angelic.
Excuse me.
Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you there.
I,
well, I, I keep seeing
you around this prison
and well, I just wanted to
come and introduce myself.
I'm Peter.
Hello.
I've heard about you and the other,
you're the American, right?
Not quite.
I'm actually the Brit,
although I was caught
with some Americans, yeah.
What is it you, what is it you do here?
Oh, I pray with my church group
For all the prisoners here.
- Oh, wow.
- We've been doing it
for about seven years.
That's amazing.
Oh, what are
you in here for again?
I was caught with a lot of drugs.
Yeah, yeah.
You were a drug dealer.
Yes.
I, I was a drug dealer.
Yeah, but
I'm a new creation now, through Christ.
- You're joking?
- No.
Praise God.
How did you come to find Him?
Well, Pastor Lynbrook,
the chapel,
a few days in solitary confinement.
That's enough to turn anyone to God.
Let me tell you that.
You are on death row, I hear?
Yes.
Yes, I am, but
I'm not dead yet, right?
Listen, if you don't mind,
would you care to get lunch
with me one of these days?
No, I'm sorry.
I'm not allowed to
fraternize with prisoners.
- I'm so sorry, I--
- No,
I get it, it's,
I understand completely.
Either way, it was,
it was lovely meeting to you, Miriam.
I'll, I'll let you go, sorry.
Hope to see you again sometime, right?
Yeah, yeah.
God bless.
As it states in 2 Corinthians,
there was “a new creation in Christ”
and absolutely no
condemnation through the Lord.
I'm ready to die.
Thank you Peter.
You know, Amazing Grace saved us all.
Tomorrow's not guaranteed to anyone.
Right now, today is the day of salvation.
Please come forward if you
want to accept Jesus Christ.
♪ I'd rather ♪
♪ Have Jesus ♪
♪ Than men's applause ♪
♪ I'd rather ♪
♪ Be faithful ♪
♪ To His dear cause ♪
♪ I'd rather have Jesus ♪
♪ Than worldwide fame ♪
♪ I'd rather be true ♪
♪ To His holy name ♪
♪ Than to be the king ♪
Ms. Miriam.
What were they doing in there?
The church service, sir.
Oh, I understand that, but
why did those two guys step forward?
To accept Jesus.
What did you think?
Religion, the bane of our existence.
Hatred is the bane of our existence, sir.
Hmm.
You know, half of the
men are gonna be executed
in this camp, and the other half,
they're just gonna die
in this rotting jail.
If there is a God, he
doesn't care or love them.
Redemption is available to all.
That's the beauty of the cross.
The love of Jesus covers all.
- The love of Jesus.
- Uh huh.
I don't believe in love.
Have you ever been married, sir?
I was.
My wife died of cancer two
years after our wedding.
I'm so sorry.
That's why
there is no God.
That's why believing in God is stupid.
Love is stupid.
This world that's all about survival.
We see this in this camp every single day.
And right here, right now,
it's the only truth that matters.
I was,
I was reading this sir
John 14:27.
"Peace I leave with you.
My peace I give to you
not as the world gives
to I give to you.
Let not your heart be troubled,
neither let it be afraid."
I think you need peace, sir.
Thanks Ms. Miriam.
Have a good day.
In the ensuing final days,
I began to fall in love with Miriam.
There was one inmate who would
not hear about Jesus though.
And I was praying for his salvation.
Liu, how's it going, man?
Peter.
They just told me
that they're gonna make
their final decision tonight
on me and Lynbrook.
They're gonna execute us tomorrow night.
And our lawyer tried to
file an emergency appeal,
but they said our chances aren't good.
Let's, let's pray for this right now.
I'm scared, man.
I don't want to die.
Look, you must be terrified.
All right.
Nothing in this world makes
sense right now, brother.
In the world's eyes, we deserve death.
Maybe we do.
But this is your time to turn to God.
There's no second chances.
No second chances.
That's the story of my life.
If there is a God,
why is he allowing this to happen to me?
I dunno.
I don't dunno, man, it...
Look, this is the reason...
This whole experience
brought me closer to God.
It brought me closer to salvation.
And you knew the type of guy I was before.
Maybe the same can happen to you.
You know, forget this death penalty.
In life, we all have a death penalty.
It's just when it's our time
to go, it's our time to go.
And eternity is forever, brother.
No one gets a free pass.
But when we die, that's when we meet God.
I'm sorry man.
I can't accept that.
I couldn't understand why a man
who was facing death
could not just stop for a
brief moment and seek God.
Maybe he still would,
even to the final hour
before his execution.
Pastor Lynbrook,
how are you my friend?
You okay?
I'm okay, Peter.
Look, I'm,
I'm at peace.
And God is doing amazing work around here.
Look, I,
I came to Christ because of you.
I just, I wanted to let you know that.
It was the Holy Spirit.
I was glad He could use me to help you.
I want you to take over the church.
You're the only one I trust in here.
No, I don't,
I don't know, you
know what I've done and
the things I've, I've seen.
You can do it.
I know.
Look, I've, I've never asked you, but
why are you in here?
I committed murder.
I was surfing in Bali and I saw my
girlfriend talking to some
man on the beach, and she
later admitted she's
having an affair with him.
I went ballistic and I killed him.
Like I deserved to go to Hell.
But I found Christ in here
and he forgave me.
That's why I'm not afraid to die.
Wow.
Thank you for sharing that.
I never knew
You'll have to excuse me.
But there's others here who
want me to pray for them, so.
Tonight is my last service.
I'm hope, I hope you're able to attend.
Yes.
It's the least we could do.
We'll be there.
They called it the execution wall.
They never had a single
bullet actually hit the wall.
My friend would be shot tomorrow.
It was just so hard to fathom.
How's everything with the pastor?
He's,
he's taking it well.
He truly is such a brave man.
I don't know
what I'll do tomorrow.
You can cry.
It's okay.
No, my father,
my father taught me never to cry.
He taught me that only weak people cry.
- Miriam.
- I wanna stay strong.
You are one of the strongest women that
I've ever known.
You'll be okay.
Open up 2114.
Berhenti
The tribunal has rejected
your final clemency.
You're out of options.
You will be executed tomorrow night.
This is insane.
Any last meal requests?
No.
Very well, no last meal.
What about your belongings?
Just give 'em away, I don't care.
Very well, your belongings
will be discarded
in the trash bin.
Good day.
Good luck to you.
I'll have the rifles clean and ready, sir.
Good.
You may have to get four
guards to drag that coward out.
You think so?
He's a sniveling, pathetic coward.
That is all.
Yes, sir.
I can't believe it.
I'm gonna die tomorrow.
I'm so sorry, Liu.
I know you must be scared right now.
I won't exist after tomorrow, I’m...
Listen to me,
just please listen to me.
Just this one time.
Right now, you're in
between Heaven and Hell.
Two destinations, and you
choose where you want to end up.
But let me tell you, eternity is forever.
It's nice knowing you, Peter.
I'm just terrified of dying.
I don’t...
Liu I'm gonna be
praying for you brother.
And I want you to take my Bible, please.
No, no.
It's okay, I'm gonna read
something else tonight.
Everybody... step out.
Mr. Lynbrook and Mr. Liu Fat
are gonna be executed tonight.
You may say goodbye to them.
Mr. Fat, come on out.
No, no, no.
No, I don't wanna die.
No.
Stop fighting.
Take it like a man.
What's wrong with you?
Take him.
No, no, no, no, no, please,
I don't wanna die.
Please.
Don't.
- Please.
- Pastor Lynbrook.
Goodbye, Ceasar.
It's been an honor, sir.
Thanks Peter.
I'm going home.
Paul, God bless.
James, God bless you.
Enough yaking.
Let's go.
Move!
Berhenti
Stand by.
I think you're gonna
need the handkerchief.
No, please, please don't do this.
This is insane.
Cry baby, cry.
Liu, there's still a chance for you
to accept Jesus Christ.
No, I don't want to die.
Mr. Liu Fat,
you've been found guilty of
drug offenses in our country
and will now be executed by firing squad.
Any last words?
I didn't do anything wrong.
I just made a mistake.
Pathetic.
Handkerchief?
No, thank you.
Mr. Lynwood,
you've been found guilty
of murder in our country
and will be executed by firing squad.
Any last words?
No sir.
Please, I don't wanna die.
Get ready.
Get that clown on his feet.
No, no.
No.
Fall back.
Take it like a man.
Pathetic.
Can't you see he's suffering.
I prayed I would
show courage when I die.
I had no idea what I would do.
Aim.
Pastor Lynbrook died
with his Bible in his hands.
And he went to Heaven much like Steven.
Maybe he never felt the bullets.
It was very scary.
Who knows how any of us would react.
Maybe I'd go out like him.
I'm no better.
Your friend died like a squealing pig.
Just crying and sniveling all the way down
and screamed as we blindfolded him.
Just,
just truly pathetic soul.
He was a human being.
Your pastor friend,
he was strangely calm.
'Cause he's in Heaven.
Your tribunal orders comes
tonight deciding your fate.
Are you scared?
No.
I'm at peace.
You're at peace because
your Jesus will save you?
If I have God behind me,
what is there to be scared of?
How can you believe in a God
and in a Jesus when they're not
here to stop your execution?
Peter, come here.
Come here.
Deny your Christ,
I'll set you free.
I'm sorry.
I can't and I won't do that.
You know, if one seed dies,
another one blossoms.
Wow.
So I offer you freedom
and you'll still die for Christ?
Absolutely.
And I'm not gonna be mad at
you for sending me to my death.
I just want you to know that.
There has to be something
we can do, Mr. Markman.
He's, he's a changed person.
Oh, I'm sorry, Miriam.
I've spoken with the
president of Indonesia.
He refuses to give a pardon,
there's really nothing
more I can get done.
- I'm so sorry.
- Why?
Well, maybe he wants to
make an example of Peter
to show all drug dealers
that you cannot venture here.
They do have zero drug
tolerance, zero.
It's, it's not fair.
He's a changed person.
He's a new man.
A new
creation.
A what?
A new man for Christ.
Well, I have heard only
good things about him,
so maybe he is a changed man.
What about,
what about Amnesty International?
Oh, I don't think so.
- Would they help anything?
- Not at this late date.
No.
I'm sorry, there's really
nothing more we can do.
I'm so sorry.
Lord, Heavenly Father,
I pray to you today to
guide us tomorrow.
Give us strength
as we face death.
Help us not to be afraid,
as we know that we are going
to be coming to your kingdom.
What are they doing?
They're praying, sir.
They're praying.
Then they're praying to the air then.
He's still gonna get
executed tomorrow night.
Even the US Embassy can't help them.
5482, stay outta trouble.
That's all I can pray right now.
I'm so sorry.
I'm trying not to cry.
It's, it's, it's okay.
It don't want you to hold it in, it’s...
I'm at peace.
What about mercy, sir?
What about mercy for our people?
They brought drugs in here.
Correct?
Yes, but...
We cannot show clemency, unfortunately.
It sends a bad message
to all the drug dealers around the world.
Yes, but surely they're changed men.
Maybe.
But who cares?
This is all after the fact.
We are setting a deterrent factor.
Death penalty is a deterrent.
It saves lives
and stops our people
from dying from drug overdoses.
That is very common in your country.
Correct?
The President will not
commute their sentences
and they're slated to be
executed tonight, Bob.
Thank you, Jessica.
Has there been any international reaction?
World leaders and the Pope
have all sent the President
their protests, but
it looks to be to no avail.
And what is the
prisoner's outlook on all this?
Well, believe it or not,
they seem calm, Bob.
Calm.
How can that be?
They say they have a savior
and that gives them hope.
Hmm.
Well, the execution is
scheduled for tonight
by firing squad.
I'm Bob Kendruff from New York.
Goodnight.
They're not gonna stop
this execution, Miriam.
I'm at peace with it.
I'm gonna meet the Lord.
And I know I keep saying this
to you over and over again,
but it's okay to cry.
It really is.
I can't cry.
I don't know, I think there's
something wrong with me.
I know you're going to go be Jesus.
And that brings me comfort.
Oh, it’s...
Miriam.
Would you like to get married to me?
What?
Will you marry me, Miriam?
Yes, of course.
Peter, when?
Now.
There's no tomorrow.
Sure.
I'd be honored.
Amazing.
I, um...
there's something I haven't told you.
The reason I can't cry.
When I was 12,
my father committed suicide.
My mother asked me not
to cry, so I didn't.
And I haven't cried since.
I guess maybe that's what's wrong with me.
Sorry.
I guess you fell in love
with a crazy woman.
Don't be so stupid.
You're not crazy.
You are amazing.
I mean,
you're, you're the most
incredible woman I've ever met.
I can't put it into words.
And listen, don't be sad.
Don't be down, that,
about the result that's
gonna happen tomorrow.
I,
I'm gonna be in a better place
and I'm gonna be with you.
I know,
and
you will always be my husband.
And you'll always be my wife.
Ah, Eddie.
Listen, I,
I need you to marry us.
Wow, sure.
That's the greatest thing I've heard.
Well.
I need to get a ring so.
I can get one from the girls.
Thank you.
What's up, Eddie?
What's up?
Eddie, I,
I've been meaning to ask you,
I want you to take over the chapel
whilst I'm,
I'm gone.
Peter, I mean...
Wait.
No, Peter, Peter,
I've been coming here for eight years.
Eight years.
I mean, I, I can't even speak.
Eddie, Eddie, Eddie.
I said the same thing to Pastor Lynbrook
when he asked me.
Peter, I don't think they're gonna listen.
They will.
Just trust in God and they'll come.
Okay?
Okay, Peter,
I'll try.
I'm not very good.
You've seen me preach.
No one ever comes forward.
Eddie.
You are the man for this job.
Just trust me.
I'm gonna miss you, Peter.
I'm gonna miss you too, brother.
Now look, we've got a wedding to do.
Come on, let's go.
Let's go.
Miriam, do you take this man
to be your lawfully wedded husband?
Yes, I do.
Peter, do you take this woman
to be your lawfully wedded wife?
I do.
So by the power invested in me,
I pronounce you man and wife.
What's the report?
Well, they just got married, Captain.
Some things are unexplainably stupid.
He gets executed tomorrow
and she still marries him.
Well, I mean, she loves him.
Again, stupid.
But why is that so stupid, sir?
Love is stupid.
Let's go.
I am gonna miss you, Peter.
We had some great talks.
I'm gonna miss you too, Tanu.
Entire media is
covering you outside.
That's not a bad thing, you know.
The world will see that I'm at peace.
Hmm?
You
almost made me wanna
convert to Christianity.
You know, King Agrippa said the same thing
to apostle Paul many years ago.
Oh.
I've read about your Paul in the Bible.
I do have my doubts about the Bible, but
I don't doubt your strong faith, Peter.
This is not goodbye, guys.
We will see you again in Heaven.
You know, Jesus said that in His house,
there are many mansions
and He will come again.
Well, I do want to leave you
with just one song today.
One song that is dear to my heart
and I like to join with
my friend Samuel here.
♪ Amazing grace ♪
♪ How sweet the sound ♪
♪ That saved ♪
♪ A wretch ♪
♪ Like me ♪
♪ I once ♪
♪ Was lost ♪
♪ But now ♪
♪ Am found ♪
♪ Was blind ♪
♪ But now ♪
♪ I see ♪
♪ T'was grace ♪
♪ That taught ♪
♪ My heart ♪
♪ To fear ♪
♪ And grace ♪
♪ My fears ♪
♪ Relieved ♪
♪ How precious did ♪
♪ That grace ♪
♪ Appear ♪
♪ The hour ♪
♪ Where I ♪
♪ First believed ♪
Thank you Jesus, I love you, man.
I love you.
The prisoners and guards
were to overcome with emotion
to sing "Amazing Grace".
I understood why.
Hallelujah.
- Thank you Samuel.
- I love you, brother.
Thank you man.
He coming, Lord.
We coming.
We all coming.
Thank you so much, Peter and Samuel.
It was very brave of you
to sing your final song for us.
Will anyone like to accept the
Lord and Savior Jesus Christ,
please come forward.
Okay.
Well that concludes our service.
May God bless you all.
You're gonna be great, Eddie.
I don't think I can do this, Peter.
What did I say?
Just trust in the Lord.
- Yes, I know.
- And they will come.
Okay.
All right, trust God.
Peter,
you're a changed man.
Romans 8:28.
"All things matter for good."
I wish I could believe that.
What's the point in executing you?
What's the point?
Hey, quiet there.
Peter, it's time to be taken
to the center for tonight's execution.
I'm sorry.
Goodbye my love.
I love you.
Everybody step out.
Mr. Wilson and Mr. Lone are
gonna be executed tonight.
You may say goodbye to them.
Mr. Lone, step on out.
Mr. Wilson, step on out.
♪ Amazing ♪
♪ Grace ♪
♪ How sweet ♪
♪ The sound ♪
♪ That saved ♪
♪ A wretch ♪
♪ Like me ♪
♪ I once ♪
♪ Was lost ♪
♪ But now ♪
♪ I'm found ♪
♪ Was blind ♪
♪ But now ♪
♪ I see ♪
♪ Amazing ♪
♪ Grace ♪
♪ How sweet ♪
♪ The sound ♪
♪ That saved ♪
♪ A wretch ♪
♪ Like me ♪
♪ I once ♪
♪ Was lost ♪
♪ But now ♪
♪ I'm found ♪
♪ Was blind ♪
♪ But now ♪
♪ I see ♪
♪ Amazing grace ♪
♪ How sweet ♪
♪ The sound ♪
♪ That saved ♪
♪ A wretch ♪
♪ Like me ♪
- Handkerchief?
- No sir.
Any last words?
I forgive all of you.
You are just doing your job.
We'll see you all soon.
Handkerchief?
No.
Any last words?
Hallelujah.
He has risen.
He's risen, indeed.
- Handkerchief?
- No.
- Any last words?
- Amen.
Ready.
Aim.
Fire.
What's wrong with you guys?
I said fire.
If you soldiers do not shoot him,
I'll put you on the other side
and I'll shoot you myself.
You got that soldiers?
Ready.
Aim.
Fire!
Why am I here?
You can't do your own job?
It's past curfew.
Get back in your cells.
No wait, come back outta your cells.
Line up, you maggots.
Why do you have this beanie?
What are you looking at, four eyes?
Out of your cell.
Do you understand English?
You.
I told both of you to cut your hair.
Why didn't you cut your hair, huh?
You too good for us?
Get inside your cell.
How about you join your brother.
Get inside.
What are you wearing in your ear?
Is that a cross?
Huh?
Are you a Christian, huh?
Are you like Pastor Lynbrook?
Are you like Peter?
Get outta my way.
You're lucky to be touched by an angel.
Maggots.
Vermin.
Get inside your cells.
You're all going to hell.
Miriam, where are you going?
I don't know.
But my work here is done.
But you've done
so much for us here.
I don't think I did, Eddie.
I would've loved to have won
more people to Christ, but
I'm so glad that I met you.
He,
he wanted me to, to give you this.
Dear Miriam, my love.
I wanted you to read this.
By now I'm in Heaven.
But I wanted you to
know that God loves you.
And Romans 8:28 really does matter.
All things work together for good.
I'm writing this quick
note as they take me away.
Jesus loves you
and I'll always love you.
Take care, my love.
What?
What does it say?
He's in a great place now.
I know.
Miriam, it's okay.
You, you can cry.
I'm not gonna say nothing.
I don't cry.
I'm not built like that.
I guess I,
Guess I have to give the message today.
Will you come with me?
Sure.
Hey, you're gonna do great.
Thank you.
Okay, see you there.
See you, Eddie.
See you there.
And as we close this morning,
let us remain steadfast
and the love of our Lord
and Savior Jesus Christ.
As you all know,
Miriam will be leaving us.
She served us well when Peter was here.
We'll miss her very much.
I know I'm not a good speaker
like Peter.
Who wants to accept the Lord and Savior
Jesus Christ this morning?
Okay,
I guess we'll wrap up this service this
morning.
♪ I'd rather have Jesus ♪
♪ Than silver or gold ♪
♪ I'd rather be His ♪
♪ Than have riches untold ♪
♪ I'd rather have Jesus ♪
♪ Than houses or land ♪
♪ I'd rather be led ♪
♪ By His nail-pierced hand ♪
♪ Than to be the king ♪
♪ Of a vast domain ♪
♪ And be held in sin's dread sway ♪
♪ I'd rather have Jesus ♪
♪ Than anything ♪
♪ This world affords ♪
♪ Today ♪
♪ I'd rather have Jesus ♪
♪ Than men's applause ♪
♪ I'd rather be faithful ♪
♪ To His dear cause ♪
♪ I'd rather have Jesus ♪
♪ Than worldwide fame ♪
♪ I'd rather be true ♪
♪ To His holy name ♪
♪ Than to be the king ♪
♪ Of a vast domain ♪
♪ And be held in sin's dread sway ♪
♪ I'd rather have Jesus ♪
♪ Than anything ♪
♪ This world affords today ♪
♪ He's fairer than lilies ♪
♪ Of rarest bloom ♪
♪ He's sweeter than honey ♪
♪ From out the comb ♪
♪ He's all that my hungry ♪
♪ Spirit needs ♪
♪ I'd rather have Jesus ♪
♪ And let Him lead ♪
♪ Than to be the king ♪
♪ Of a vast domain ♪
♪ And be held in sin's dread sway ♪
♪ I'd rather have Jesus ♪
♪ Than anything ♪
♪ This world affords today ♪
♪ Than to be the king of a vast domain ♪
♪ And be held in sin's dread sway ♪
♪ I'd rather have Jesus ♪
♪ Than anything ♪
♪ This world ♪
♪ Affords ♪
♪ Today ♪
Hello friends, I'm Kevin Sorbo.
The movie you just saw me in
is based on real events
that happened in 2015.
These men faced death and they chose life.
I wanna invite you to do what
those prisoners just did.
Choose life.
Choose Jesus.
He'll give you the strength
to face every challenge,
and He'll bring new life
out of that challenge.
You can have that now,
tonight.
Just pray out to Him
and receive Him as your personal savior.
Do it now.
Tomorrow is guaranteed to no one.
God bless your decision tonight
and get involved in a
Bible believing church.
God bless.